Name: Randy McMillan

An Inconvenient Truth Worksheet 2

Part A ? to be completed by the person who watches the movie.  (It would be easiest to fill out this form as you watch the movie.)

PRIOR TO WATCHING THE MOVIE, ANSWER QUESTION #1: 
1. What is your current opinion about global warming?  Do you believe it is a real problem or do you think it is a hoax (be honest!)?  
     Dumping polutants into the atmosphere upsets the natural homeostasis of the earth. Although everything in nature has an inate ability for self regulation and always tends toward equialibrium when disrupted, it is the advent of the industrial revolution and the unnatural relationship that humans have toward Earth that causes the issue discussed in the movie. This unnatural relationship can be traced back well before the industrial revolution and is ultimately symptomatic of humans relationships toward each other and one's self. Alan Watt's offered a solution decades ago and is documented in a self produced movie entitled, "A Conversation With Myself", located here: 
                                         http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faWmi2pxNSw


Now, answer questions 2-10 while you are watching the movie.
2. Within 18 months of the first picture of Earth from space, the modern environmental movement was born.
3. The atmosphere is being decimated by pollution, namely greenhouse gases gases.
4. When the Northern Hemisphere is tilted toward the sun, as it is in the spring and summer, the leaves come out and breathe in carbon dioxide so the amount in the atmosphere goes down.
5. Today?s carbon dioxide concentration appears to be roughly 2 times as high as it has been in the past 650,000 years (based on the graph Mr. Gore displays on the screen).
6. Nuclear submarines can only surface in areas where the ice thickness is 3.5 feet or less.
7. Cold, dense water sinks at the rate of 5 billion gallons per second.
8. If Greenland broke up and melted, what county near Hillsborough would be completely submerged according to the map Mr. Gore shows? Pinellas County
9. In 2005, the world population was 6.5 billion.  In 2050, it is predicted to be 9.1 billion.
10. Philip Cooney was a lobbyist with the American Petroleum Institute for 6 years and was in charge of Global Warming Disinformation there until January 20, 2001, at which time the Bush Administration hired him to be the Chief of Staff for the White House Environmental Office. 

Part B ? to be completed by the student.
11. Go to http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/emissions/ind_calculator.html and calculate Your Total Emissions.  Write that number here: 5294 Is it more or less than the US average? Less
12. If you decreased Your Total Emissions by 10%, what would your new emissions level be:  4764.6
13. Look at your answer to #7.  At that rate, how many gallons of cold water would sink in one minute? 300 Billion
14. What will YOU do in the coming year to decrease your emissions? Move back to Micanopy and live completely off the grid. In the country.
15. The average temperature on Earth is 15? Celsius.  Use the formula  to convert this to degrees Fahrenheit.  59

